registry/comments/akismetcomments.rst, before:

akismetcomments
#author Benjamin Mako Hill
#email 
#infourl http://mako.cc/projects/pyblosxom
#download None
#summary Run comments through Akismet.
#license GPLv2
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Run comments and trackbacks through Akismet (http://akismet.com/) to
see whether to reject them or not.


Setup
=====

To use this plugin, you must also install ``akismet.py`` in your
python path (in the PyBlosxom plugin directory is fine).  You can get
it at http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/modules.shtml#akismet .

Additionally, you will need to get a Wordpress.com API key.  You can
find more information from
http://faq.wordpress.com/2005/10/19/api-key/ .

Then, use this key to put put the following line into your config.py
file::

   py['akismet_api_key'] = 'MYKEYID'

If a comment is rejected, a message explaining this will saved in a
variable. You can place this into your template using the standard
``$(comment_message)`` variable.


History
=======

This plugin merges the work done on the ``akismetComments.py`` plugin
by Blake Winton with the the ``akismet.py`` plugin by Benjamin Mako
Hill.

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/comments/akismetcomments.rst, after:

akismetcomments
#author Benjamin Mako Hill
#email 
#infourl http://mako.cc/projects/pyblosxom
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Run comments through Akismet.
#license GPLv2
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Run comments and trackbacks through Akismet (http://akismet.com/) to
see whether to reject them or not.


Setup
=====

To use this plugin, you must also install ``akismet.py`` in your
python path (in the PyBlosxom plugin directory is fine).  You can get
it at http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/modules.shtml#akismet .

Additionally, you will need to get a Wordpress.com API key.  You can
find more information from
http://faq.wordpress.com/2005/10/19/api-key/ .

Then, use this key to put put the following line into your config.py
file::

   py['akismet_api_key'] = 'MYKEYID'

If a comment is rejected, a message explaining this will saved in a
variable. You can place this into your template using the standard
``$(comment_message)`` variable.


History
=======

This plugin merges the work done on the ``akismetComments.py`` plugin
by Blake Winton with the the ``akismet.py`` plugin by Benjamin Mako
Hill.
