registry/comments/check_nonhuman.rst, before:

check_nonhuman
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary Rejects comments that aren't from a human.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

This works in conjunction with the comments plugin and allows you to
significantly reduce comment spam by adding a "I am human" checkbox 
to your form.  Any comments that aren't "from a human" get rejected 
immediately.

This shouldn't be the only way you reduce comment spam.  It's probably
not useful to everyone, but would be useful to some people as a quick
way of catching some of the comment spam they're getting.

Usually this works for a while, then spam starts coming in again.  At
that point, I change the ``nonhuman_name`` config.py variable value
and I stop getting comment spam.


Usage
=====

For setup, copy the plugin to your plugins directory and add it to
your load_plugins list in your config.py file.

Then add the following item to your config.py (this defaults to
"iamhuman")::

   py["nonhuman_name"] = "iamhuman"


Then add the following to your comment-form template just above
the submit button (make sure to match the input name to your
configured input name)::

   <input type="checkbox" name="iamhuman" value="yes"> Yes, I am human!


Alternatively, if you set the ``nonhuman_name`` property, then you should 
do this::

   <input type="checkbox" name="$(nonhuman_name)" value="yes"> Yes, I am human!


Additionally, the nonhuman plugin can log when it rejected a comment.  This 
is good for statistical purposes.  1 if "yes, I want to log" and 0 (default) 
if "no, i don't want to log".  Example::

   py["nonhuman_log"] = 1


And that's it!

The idea came from::

   http://www.davidpashley.com/cgi/pyblosxom.cgi/2006/04/28#blog-spam

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/comments/check_nonhuman.rst, after:

check_nonhuman
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Rejects comments that aren't from a human.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

This works in conjunction with the comments plugin and allows you to
significantly reduce comment spam by adding a "I am human" checkbox 
to your form.  Any comments that aren't "from a human" get rejected 
immediately.

This shouldn't be the only way you reduce comment spam.  It's probably
not useful to everyone, but would be useful to some people as a quick
way of catching some of the comment spam they're getting.

Usually this works for a while, then spam starts coming in again.  At
that point, I change the ``nonhuman_name`` config.py variable value
and I stop getting comment spam.


Usage
=====

For setup, copy the plugin to your plugins directory and add it to
your load_plugins list in your config.py file.

Then add the following item to your config.py (this defaults to
"iamhuman")::

   py["nonhuman_name"] = "iamhuman"


Then add the following to your comment-form template just above
the submit button (make sure to match the input name to your
configured input name)::

   <input type="checkbox" name="iamhuman" value="yes"> Yes, I am human!


Alternatively, if you set the ``nonhuman_name`` property, then you should 
do this::

   <input type="checkbox" name="$(nonhuman_name)" value="yes"> Yes, I am human!


Additionally, the nonhuman plugin can log when it rejected a comment.  This 
is good for statistical purposes.  1 if "yes, I want to log" and 0 (default) 
if "no, i don't want to log".  Example::

   py["nonhuman_log"] = 1


And that's it!

The idea came from::

   http://www.davidpashley.com/cgi/pyblosxom.cgi/2006/04/28#blog-spam
