registry/comments/check_javascript.rst, before:

check_javascript
#author Ryan Barrett
#email pyblosxom at ryanb dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary Use JavaScript to filter out spam comments
#license GPLv2
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

This plugin filters spam with a dash of JavaScript on the client side.
The JavaScript sets a hidden input field ``secretToken`` in the
comment form to the blog's title.  This plugin checks the
``secretToken`` URL parameter and rejects the comment if it's not set
correctly.

The benefit of JavaScript as an anti-spam technique is that it's very
successful.  It has extremely low false positive and false negative
rates, as compared to conventional techniques like CAPTCHAs, bayesian
filtering, and keyword detection.

Of course, JavaScript has its own drawbacks, primarily that it's not
supported in extremely old browsers, and that users can turn it off.
That's a very small minority of cases, though.  Its effectiveness as
an anti-spam technique usually make that tradeoff worthwhile.


Setup
=====

1. Make sure you have ``blog_title`` set in your ``config.py``.

2. Add the following bits to your ``comment-form`` template inside
   the ``<form>`` tags::

      <input type="hidden" name="secretToken" id="secretTokenInput"
        value="pleaseDontSpam" />

      <script type="text/javascript">
      // used by check_javascript.py. this is almost entirely backwards
      // compatible, back to 4.x browsers.
      document.getElementById("secretTokenInput").value = "$(blog_title)";
      </script>

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/comments/check_javascript.rst, after:

check_javascript
#author Ryan Barrett
#email pyblosxom at ryanb dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Use JavaScript to filter out spam comments
#license GPLv2
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

This plugin filters spam with a dash of JavaScript on the client side.
The JavaScript sets a hidden input field ``secretToken`` in the
comment form to the blog's title.  This plugin checks the
``secretToken`` URL parameter and rejects the comment if it's not set
correctly.

The benefit of JavaScript as an anti-spam technique is that it's very
successful.  It has extremely low false positive and false negative
rates, as compared to conventional techniques like CAPTCHAs, bayesian
filtering, and keyword detection.

Of course, JavaScript has its own drawbacks, primarily that it's not
supported in extremely old browsers, and that users can turn it off.
That's a very small minority of cases, though.  Its effectiveness as
an anti-spam technique usually make that tradeoff worthwhile.


Setup
=====

1. Make sure you have ``blog_title`` set in your ``config.py``.

2. Add the following bits to your ``comment-form`` template inside
   the ``<form>`` tags::

      <input type="hidden" name="secretToken" id="secretTokenInput"
        value="pleaseDontSpam" />

      <script type="text/javascript">
      // used by check_javascript.py. this is almost entirely backwards
      // compatible, back to 4.x browsers.
      document.getElementById("secretTokenInput").value = "$(blog_title)";
      </script>
