registry/comments/xmlrpc_pingback.rst, before:

xmlrpc_pingback
#author Ted Leung, Ryan Barrett
#email 
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary XMLRPC pingback support.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

This module contains an XML-RPC extension to support pingback
http://www.hixie.ch/specs/pingback/pingback pings.


Setup
=====

You must have the comments plugin installed as well, although you
don't need to enable comments on your blog in order for trackbacks to
work.

You must add a pingback ``<link>`` element to your HTML for
auto-discovery. For example, if your site is located at
http://foo.com/bar, your header HTML should contain this in its ``<meta>``
section::

   <link rel="pingback" href="http://foo.com/bar/RPC" />

Note that the URL must be absolute.  If your ``xmlrpc_urltrigger``
config variable is set to something other than RPC, modify the
``<link>`` element accordingly.

This test blog, maintained by Ian Hickson, is useful for testing. You
can post to it, linking to a post on your site, and it will send a
pingback.

* http://www.dummy-blog.org/

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/comments/xmlrpc_pingback.rst, after:

xmlrpc_pingback
#author Ted Leung, Ryan Barrett
#email 
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary XMLRPC pingback support.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

This module contains an XML-RPC extension to support pingback
http://www.hixie.ch/specs/pingback/pingback pings.


Setup
=====

You must have the comments plugin installed as well, although you
don't need to enable comments on your blog in order for trackbacks to
work.

You must add a pingback ``<link>`` element to your HTML for
auto-discovery. For example, if your site is located at
http://foo.com/bar, your header HTML should contain this in its ``<meta>``
section::

   <link rel="pingback" href="http://foo.com/bar/RPC" />

Note that the URL must be absolute.  If your ``xmlrpc_urltrigger``
config variable is set to something other than RPC, modify the
``<link>`` element accordingly.

This test blog, maintained by Ian Hickson, is useful for testing. You
can post to it, linking to a post on your site, and it will send a
pingback.

* http://www.dummy-blog.org/
