registry/text/rst.rst, before:

rst
#author Sean Bowman
#email sean dot bowman at acm dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary restructured text support for blog entries
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

A reStructuredText entry formatter for pyblosxom.  reStructuredText is
part of the docutils project (http://docutils.sourceforge.net/).  To
use, you need a *recent* version of docutils.  A development snapshot
(http://docutils.sourceforge.net/#development-snapshots) will work
fine.


Install
=======

1. copy this file (``rst.py``) to your plugins directory
2. install docutils
3. add ``rst`` to your ``load_plugins`` config variable


Usage
=====

Blog entries with a ``.rst`` extension will be parsed as restructuredText

You can also configure this as your default preformatter for ``.txt``
files by configuring it in your config file as follows::

   py['parser'] = 'reST'

Additionally, you can do this on an entry-by-entry basis by adding
a ``#parser reST`` line in the metadata section.  For example::

   My Little Blog Entry
   #parser reST
   My main story...


Configuration
=============

There's two optional configuration parameter you can for additional
control over the rendered HTML::

   # To set the starting level for the rendered heading elements.
   # 1 is the default.
   py['reST_initial_header_level'] = 1
  
   # Enable or disable the promotion of a lone top-level section title to
   # document title (and subsequent section title to document subtitle
   # promotion); enabled by default.
   py['reST_transform_doctitle'] = 1
    

.. Note::

   If you're not seeing headings that you think should be there, try
   changing the ``reST_initial_header_level`` property to 0.

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/text/rst.rst, after:

rst
#author Sean Bowman
#email sean dot bowman at acm dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary restructured text support for blog entries
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

A reStructuredText entry formatter for pyblosxom.  reStructuredText is
part of the docutils project (http://docutils.sourceforge.net/).  To
use, you need a *recent* version of docutils.  A development snapshot
(http://docutils.sourceforge.net/#development-snapshots) will work
fine.


Install
=======

1. copy this file (``rst.py``) to your plugins directory
2. install docutils
3. add ``rst`` to your ``load_plugins`` config variable


Usage
=====

Blog entries with a ``.rst`` extension will be parsed as restructuredText

You can also configure this as your default preformatter for ``.txt``
files by configuring it in your config file as follows::

   py['parser'] = 'reST'

Additionally, you can do this on an entry-by-entry basis by adding
a ``#parser reST`` line in the metadata section.  For example::

   My Little Blog Entry
   #parser reST
   My main story...


Configuration
=============

There's two optional configuration parameter you can for additional
control over the rendered HTML::

   # To set the starting level for the rendered heading elements.
   # 1 is the default.
   py['reST_initial_header_level'] = 1
  
   # Enable or disable the promotion of a lone top-level section title to
   # document title (and subsequent section title to document subtitle
   # promotion); enabled by default.
   py['reST_transform_doctitle'] = 1
    

.. Note::

   If you're not seeing headings that you think should be there, try
   changing the ``reST_initial_header_level`` property to 0.
