registry/category/pycategories.rst, before:

pycategories
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary Builds a list of categories.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Walks through your blog root figuring out all the categories you have
and how many entries are in each category.  It generates html with
this information and stores it in the $categorylinks variable which
you can use in your head or foot templates.


Configuration
=============

You can format the output by setting ``category_begin``,
``category_item``, and ``category_end`` properties.

Categories exist in a hierarchy.  ``category_start`` starts the category
listing and is only used at the very beginning.  The ``category_begin``
property begins a new category group and the ``category_end`` property
ends that category group.  The ``category_item`` property is the
template for each category item.  Then after all the categories are
printed, ``category_finish`` ends the category listing.

For example, the following properties will use ``<ul>`` to open a
category, ``</ul>`` to close a category and ``<li>`` for each item::

    py["category_start"] = "<ul>"
    py["category_begin"] = "<li><ul>"
    py["category_item"] = r'<li><a href="%(base_url)s/%(category_urlencoded)sindex">%(category)s</a></li>'
    py["category_end"] = "</li></ul>"
    py["category_finish"] = "</ul>"


Another example, the following properties don't have a begin or an end
but instead use indentation for links and displays the number of
entries in that category::

    py["category_start"] = ""
    py["category_begin"] = ""
    py["category_item"] = r'%(indent)s<a href="%(base_url)s/%(category_urlencoded)sindex">%(category)s</a> (%(count)d)<br />'
    py["category_end"] = ""
    py["category_finish"] = ""

There are no variables available in the ``category_begin`` or ``category_end``
templates.

Available variables in the category_item template:

=======================  ==========================  ====================
variable                 example                     datatype
=======================  ==========================  ====================
base_url                 http://joe.com/blog/        string
fullcategory_urlencoded  'dev/pyblosxom/status/'     string
fullcategory             'dev/pyblosxom/status/'     string (urlencoded)
category                 'status/'                   string
category_urlencoded      'status/'                   string (urlencoed)
flavour                  'html'                      string
count                    70                          int
indent                   '&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;'  string
=======================  ==========================  ====================

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/category/pycategories.rst, after:

pycategories
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Builds a list of categories.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Walks through your blog root figuring out all the categories you have
and how many entries are in each category.  It generates html with
this information and stores it in the $categorylinks variable which
you can use in your head or foot templates.


Configuration
=============

You can format the output by setting ``category_begin``,
``category_item``, and ``category_end`` properties.

Categories exist in a hierarchy.  ``category_start`` starts the category
listing and is only used at the very beginning.  The ``category_begin``
property begins a new category group and the ``category_end`` property
ends that category group.  The ``category_item`` property is the
template for each category item.  Then after all the categories are
printed, ``category_finish`` ends the category listing.

For example, the following properties will use ``<ul>`` to open a
category, ``</ul>`` to close a category and ``<li>`` for each item::

    py["category_start"] = "<ul>"
    py["category_begin"] = "<li><ul>"
    py["category_item"] = r'<li><a href="%(base_url)s/%(category_urlencoded)sindex">%(category)s</a></li>'
    py["category_end"] = "</li></ul>"
    py["category_finish"] = "</ul>"


Another example, the following properties don't have a begin or an end
but instead use indentation for links and displays the number of
entries in that category::

    py["category_start"] = ""
    py["category_begin"] = ""
    py["category_item"] = r'%(indent)s<a href="%(base_url)s/%(category_urlencoded)sindex">%(category)s</a> (%(count)d)<br />'
    py["category_end"] = ""
    py["category_finish"] = ""

There are no variables available in the ``category_begin`` or ``category_end``
templates.

Available variables in the category_item template:

=======================  ==========================  ====================
variable                 example                     datatype
=======================  ==========================  ====================
base_url                 http://joe.com/blog/        string
fullcategory_urlencoded  'dev/pyblosxom/status/'     string
fullcategory             'dev/pyblosxom/status/'     string (urlencoded)
category                 'status/'                   string
category_urlencoded      'status/'                   string (urlencoed)
flavour                  'html'                      string
count                    70                          int
indent                   '&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;'  string
=======================  ==========================  ====================
