registry/content/pages.rst, before:

pages
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary Allows you to include non-blog-entry files in your site.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Usage
=====

A blog consists of blog entries, plus a bunch of pages that exist outside
of the blog structure.  For example, an "About me" page or a "Guestbook"
page.  These last two shouldn't be blog entries.  Well, if they're not
blog entries, then how can you have them in your blog?

This plugin solves that problem.  It allows you to have pages in your
website that aren't blog entries that are served up by PyBlosxom.  These
pages can also have plugins.

It looks for urls like::

   /pages/blah

and pulls up the file ``blah.txt`` [1]_ which is located in the path specified
in the config file as ``pagesdir``.  If no pagesdir is specified, then we
use the datadir.

If the file is not there, it kicks up a 404.

.. [1] The file ending (the ``.txt`` part) can be any file ending that's 
   valid for entries on your blog.  For example, if you have the textile
   entryparser installed, then ``.txtl`` is also a valid file ending.

pages formats the page using the ``pages`` template.
So you need to add a ``pages.html`` file to your datadir (assuming
you're using the ``html`` flavour).  I tend to copy my story flavour
templates over and remove the date/time-related bits.

pages handles evaluating python code blocks.  Enclose python
code in ``<%`` and ``%>``.  The assumption is that only you can edit your 
pages files, so there are no restrictions (security or otherwise).

For example::

   <%
   print "testing"
   %>

   <%
   x = { "apple": 5, "banana": 6, "pear": 4 }
   for mem in x.keys():
      print "<li>%s - %s</li>" % (mem, x[mem])
   %>

The request object is available in python code blocks.  Reference it
by ``request``.  Example::

   <%
   config = request.get_configuration()
   print "your datadir is: %s" % config["datadir"]
   %>


Configuration
=============

``pagesdir``

    This is the directory that holds the pages files.

    For example, if you wanted your pages in ``/home/foo/blog/pages/``, then
    you would set it to::

        py["pagesdir"] = "/home/foo/blog/pages/"

    If you have ``blogdir`` defined in your ``config.py`` file which holds
    your ``datadir`` and ``flavourdir`` directories, then you could set it
    to::

        py["pagesdir"] = os.path.join(blogdir, "pages")

``pages_trigger``

    Optional.  Defaults to ``pages``.

    This is the url trigger that causes the pages plugin to look for pages.

        py["pages_trigger"] = "pages"

``pages_frontpage``

    Optional.  Defaults to False.

    If set to True, then pages will show the ``frontpage`` page for the 
    front page.

    This requires you to have a ``frontpage`` file in your pages directory.
    The extension for this file works the same way as blog entries.  So if
    your blog entries end in ``.txt``, then you would need a ``frontpage.txt``
    file.

    Example::

        py["pages_frontpage"] = True

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/content/pages.rst, after:

pages
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Allows you to include non-blog-entry files in your site.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Usage
=====

A blog consists of blog entries, plus a bunch of pages that exist outside
of the blog structure.  For example, an "About me" page or a "Guestbook"
page.  These last two shouldn't be blog entries.  Well, if they're not
blog entries, then how can you have them in your blog?

This plugin solves that problem.  It allows you to have pages in your
website that aren't blog entries that are served up by PyBlosxom.  These
pages can also have plugins.

It looks for urls like::

   /pages/blah

and pulls up the file ``blah.txt`` [1]_ which is located in the path specified
in the config file as ``pagesdir``.  If no pagesdir is specified, then we
use the datadir.

If the file is not there, it kicks up a 404.

.. [1] The file ending (the ``.txt`` part) can be any file ending that's 
   valid for entries on your blog.  For example, if you have the textile
   entryparser installed, then ``.txtl`` is also a valid file ending.

pages formats the page using the ``pages`` template.
So you need to add a ``pages.html`` file to your datadir (assuming
you're using the ``html`` flavour).  I tend to copy my story flavour
templates over and remove the date/time-related bits.

pages handles evaluating python code blocks.  Enclose python
code in ``<%`` and ``%>``.  The assumption is that only you can edit your 
pages files, so there are no restrictions (security or otherwise).

For example::

   <%
   print "testing"
   %>

   <%
   x = { "apple": 5, "banana": 6, "pear": 4 }
   for mem in x.keys():
      print "<li>%s - %s</li>" % (mem, x[mem])
   %>

The request object is available in python code blocks.  Reference it
by ``request``.  Example::

   <%
   config = request.get_configuration()
   print "your datadir is: %s" % config["datadir"]
   %>


Configuration
=============

``pagesdir``

    This is the directory that holds the pages files.

    For example, if you wanted your pages in ``/home/foo/blog/pages/``, then
    you would set it to::

        py["pagesdir"] = "/home/foo/blog/pages/"

    If you have ``blogdir`` defined in your ``config.py`` file which holds
    your ``datadir`` and ``flavourdir`` directories, then you could set it
    to::

        py["pagesdir"] = os.path.join(blogdir, "pages")

``pages_trigger``

    Optional.  Defaults to ``pages``.

    This is the url trigger that causes the pages plugin to look for pages.

        py["pages_trigger"] = "pages"

``pages_frontpage``

    Optional.  Defaults to False.

    If set to True, then pages will show the ``frontpage`` page for the 
    front page.

    This requires you to have a ``frontpage`` file in your pages directory.
    The extension for this file works the same way as blog entries.  So if
    your blog entries end in ``.txt``, then you would need a ``frontpage.txt``
    file.

    Example::

        py["pages_frontpage"] = True
