registry/archives/pyarchives.rst, before:

pyarchives
#author Wari Wahab
#email wari at wari dot per dot sg
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary Builds month/year-based archives listing.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Walks through your blog root figuring out all the available monthly
archives in your blogs.  It generates html with this information and
stores it in the ``$archivelinks`` variable which you can use in your
head and foot templates.

You can change the format of the output in ``config.py`` with the 
``archive_template`` key.

A config.py example::

    py['archive_template'] = "<li><a href="%(base_url)s/%(Y)s/%(b)s">%(m)s/%(y)s</a></li>"

This displays the archives as list items, with a month number slash
year number, like 06/78.

.. Note::

   The syntax used here is the Python string formatting syntax---not
   the PyBlosxom template rendering syntax!


The formatting variables available in the ``archive_template`` are::

    b      'Jun'
    m      '6'
    Y      '1978'
    y      '78'


These work the same as ``time.strftime`` in python.

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/archives/pyarchives.rst, after:

pyarchives
#author Wari Wahab
#email wari at wari dot per dot sg
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Builds month/year-based archives listing.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Walks through your blog root figuring out all the available monthly
archives in your blogs.  It generates html with this information and
stores it in the ``$archivelinks`` variable which you can use in your
head and foot templates.

You can change the format of the output in ``config.py`` with the 
``archive_template`` key.

A config.py example::

    py['archive_template'] = '<li><a href="%(base_url)s/%(Y)s/%(b)s">%(m)s/%(y)s</a></li>'

This displays the archives as list items, with a month number slash
year number, like 06/78.

.. Note::

   If you use " (double-quote) characters in the value, then make sure
   to use ' (single-quote) characters to delimit the value string.


The formatting variables available in the ``archive_template`` are::

    b         'Jun'
    m         '6'
    Y         '1978'
    y         '78'

These work the same as ``time.strftime`` in python.

Additionally, you can use variables from config and data.

.. Note::

   The syntax used here is the Python string formatting syntax---not
   the PyBlosxom template rendering syntax!
