registry/archives/yeararchives.rst, before:

yeararchives
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download None
#summary Builds year-based archives listing.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Walks through your blog root figuring out all the available years for
the archives list.  It stores the years with links to year summaries
in the variable ``$archivelinks``.  You should put this variable in either
your head or foot template.


Usage
=====

When the user clicks on one of the year links (i.e. http://base_url/2004/),
then yeararchives will display a summary page for that year.  The summary is
generated using the ``yearsummarystory.html`` template for each month in the
year.  Mine is::

   <div class="blosxomEntry">
   <span class="blosxomTitle">$title</span>
   <div class="blosxomBody">
   <table>
   $body
   </table>
   </div>
   </div>


The ``$(archivelinks)`` link can be configured with the
``archive_template`` config variable.  It uses the Python string
formatting syntax.

Example::

    py['archive_template'] = '<a href="%(base_url)s/%(Y)s/index.%(f)s">%(Y)s</a><br />'

The vars available with typical example values are::

    Y      4-digit year   ex: '1978'
    y      2-digit year   ex: '78'
    f      the flavour    ex: 'html'

Commit message:

Updates registry, fixes download line for core plugins
Previously, the core plugins would hava download line of "None"
which wasn't useful.  Now it says "As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes
with PyBlosxom" which is better.

registry/archives/yeararchives.rst, after:

yeararchives
#author Will Kahn-Greene
#email willg at bluesock dot org
#infourl http://pyblosxom.bluesock.org/
#download As of PyBlosxom 1.5 rc1, comes with PyBlosxom
#summary Builds year-based archives listing.
#license MIT
#registrytags 1.4, 1.5, core
#generator update_registry

Summary
=======

Walks through your blog root figuring out all the available years for
the archives list.  It stores the years with links to year summaries
in the variable ``$archivelinks``.  You should put this variable in either
your head or foot template.


Usage
=====

When the user clicks on one of the year links (i.e. http://base_url/2004/),
then yeararchives will display a summary page for that year.  The summary is
generated using the ``yearsummarystory.html`` template for each month in the
year.  Mine is::

   <div class="blosxomEntry">
   <span class="blosxomTitle">$title</span>
   <div class="blosxomBody">
   <table>
   $body
   </table>
   </div>
   </div>


The ``$(archivelinks)`` link can be configured with the
``archive_template`` config variable.  It uses the Python string
formatting syntax.

Example::

    py['archive_template'] = '<a href="%(base_url)s/%(Y)s/index.%(f)s">%(Y)s</a><br />'

The vars available with typical example values are::

    Y      4-digit year   ex: '1978'
    y      2-digit year   ex: '78'
    f      the flavour    ex: 'html'
